{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue239;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10840\viewh19280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs30 \cf0 http://binnenland.ch/page/view/webfonts#quickguide
\b\fs54 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Binnenland Webfonts 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 for self-hosting\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs30 \cf0 Here are some helpful notes about our position regarding font usage for web publishing.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 All our fonts can be purchased now for self-hosting on your websites. The fonts have to be implemented via @fontface. We require the implementation of an additional script to avoid hot-linking from third parties. Please see {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://binnenland.ch/media/files/binnenland-licensing-printfont.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 technical description}} (pdf) or the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://binnenland.ch/page/view/webfonts#quickguide"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 details below}}. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 We offer the fonts in the formats .woff, .eot and a reduced .ttf-version without kernings for webfont support in older safari-browsers, .svg-fontfiles on request.\
Browser Support: Internet Explorer can use webfonts in Embedded OpenType (EOT) format from version 4 and higher. Firefox introduced support for webfonts in Web Open Font Format (WOFF) in version 3.6. Other browsers do not (yet) support these formats. To cover the support of standard CSS by almost all current Browsers, Binnenland offers a TrueType-Font in a light-version. This may be changed in the future.\
WOFF has been supported by Mozilla Firefox 3.6+, Google Chrome 5+, Opera Presto, and it is supported by Internet Explorer 9 (since March 14, 2011). Support is available on Mac OS X Lion\'91s Safari from release 5.1.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs42 \cf0 Quick Guide to use our Fonts on the Web\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs30 \cf0 Using Webfonts with Cascading Style Sheets (CSS): Upload the font files to your web server. You need the files EOT, TTF and WOFF for each font style you want to use for your site. Use the CSS code example below to address your webfonts. Replace the example font file URL with its appropriate path on your server.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0 @font-face \{\
	font-family: 'FontName';\
		src: url('/fonts/fontname-webfont.eot');\
	src: local('\'82\'f2\uc0\u8747 '), url('/fonts/fontname-webfont.woff') format('woff'), \
	url('/fonts/fontname-webfont.ttf') format('truetype');\
	font-weight: normal;\
	font-style: normal;\
\}\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Blocking Hotlinking of Webfont Files\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs30 \cf0 In case other websites link directly to your hosted webfont files (this is called hotlinking), they use your fonts without having licensed them properly causing you additional traffic costs by , using your bandwidth. The Binnenland Webfont EULA (End User Licence Agreement) demands that you take reasonable measures against hotlinking and direct access to font files.\
A reasonable measure is utilizing referrer checking in your web server. Each request for your font files which doesn\'92t come from inside your own site will be blocked after you add the rules below to your server configuration (the example is for Apache HTTP Server).\
Let\'92s say your website\'92s address is www.example.com and you have uploaded the webfont files into a subdirectory called /fonts/. Make a new file named .htaccess inside this directory and paste these lines into it:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0 \
RewriteEngine On\
	RewriteCond %\{HTTP_REFERER\} !^http://(www\\.)?example\\.com/.*$ [NC]\
RewriteRule \\.(woff|ttf|eot)$ - [F,NC,L]\
Options -Indexes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
Replace example\\.com by your own domain name. The dot must be preceded by a backslash.\
The regular expression (www\\.)? means that both URLs with and without the \'91www\'92 prefix are valid for your site. Requests for all files ending in .woff .ttf or .eot with an external or empty referrer will now receive an HTTP error 403 (\'91forbidden\'92). The line Options -Indexes disables the file listing for the fonts directory.\
}